So are the last lectures we worked on authentication was quite a lot of work but now it's all running
for you and your ex while we got the training section to finish all up on one am managed is through
NZ x 2 and the little special thing here is that this is lazy loaded module.
So let's start by adding a training dot reducer dot TS file and a training dot action start tears fall
and ask before us start with the blueprint I already created.
So I'll copy the content of the off reducer into the trading reducer and copy the continuity of actions
fall into detraining actions fall here.
So let's start at the training reducer the importance here are long will use different actions of course.
We also should point at detraining dot actions follow.
Now what about the state of our training states like here.
Well here we'll actually have a whale able exercises which is of Taieb exercise rate.
So make sure to import the exercise model in that reduce profile and we'll have finished exercises.
These are two things we want to manage in our state.
Now here's something special.
Keep in mind that the training stage here the training module is actually loaded laser early.
Therefore what we can't do is we can go to the apparate use for later and add training as a state to
reduce risk map.
This won't work because this would require us to import the training reducer and the training stage
ahead of time before we actually load the module.
Well technically that would even work but we would load a lot of code that we don't need and that we
might never need.
So we want to load this state label ily to just like the module.
So therefore importing training into the app reducer isn't an option but we can kind of do it the other
way around.
We can say that our state here actually needs to extend our app state to be precise all defined two
states.
The first is our training state.
This is the state for this module.
And then I'll create a second interface which I'll just name state which will extend our route state
or import everything as from Route from well from our app reducer.
And this is what I'll extend I'll extend from root's state.
This is the other way around our state doesn't know about training state but the training state knows
about the app state.
And whenever we load this module Laysan only it will merge behind the scenes.
Our X will do that merge for us.
We need to do a little instruction for it but I'll come back to this.
So this is our now new app state after this module has been loaded lately.
Since we extend the old app state we get the properties registered there already.
And now our ad my training slice here and simply point to my training state here non-service training
state like this.
So this is now my new global state after this module has been lazy loaded.
Initial State knowledge should change.
It should be based on my training.
State like this and that of course means we'll have available exercises initially an empty array let's
say and we get finished exercises.
Also an empty array.
Now the reducer.
Now here we don't have d all factions will have the training actions.
So let's work on these actions then we'll head over to the training actions file and which kind of access
do we have.
Actually we have an action whenever we get a new training from the backend.
So whenever we get new available trading's so as to set a way Libelle a way 11 or trainings here.
That's my first action.
The second is set finished trainings.
Now we have a look at the training services.
Actually not all in the training service.
We not only manage available and finished trainings we also get the active training and EVA training
is active at all.
So we should also depict designed to reducer.
So let's work on our training state a bit more the training state should also have something which is
the active training of type exercise and therefore the initial state all should have an active training
and let's say that's now we have no active training at the beginning.
We therefore also need action for this.
And this action will be a number Konst which is start training and one which will be stop training.
You could also name it start active training or whatever you like.
Now the actual identifiers will be training set a way allowable trainings.
And here it's training sat finished trainings and of course the same for our new actions here we got
a string from the training area.
Which is called Start training or which has a value of start training.
And here it's training
stop trading.
So let me save all of that.
These are the four actions.
Let's create the classes for them.
So here we'll have set available trainings as a class name.
Implement action and the type will be set of whaleboat trainings.
And now there's something special.
DS action classes don't just have a type.
They also have a payload because the A-Whale will tradings we set have to be passed along with the action
right.
The same for finished trainings and training we start.
So we do pass a payload by adding a constructor to this class and adding a public property that's important
has to be public so that we can access it from within the store of public property which is called payload
and that payload here can be an object can be a string a number.
In this case it will be an array of exercises so we need to import the exercise model.
Make sure to import exercise from the exercise model file and assign this as a type year.
And keep in mind it's an array of exercises.
This is the way or this is how we set up action that all can have a payload.
Now set finished trainings works pretty much like that.
The type will be set finished tradings.
And then I also add the constructor here and here the payload is also an array of exercises.
Now I need more classes.
I also need a class to start a new training.
So here the class will be called Start training and then all the implements action the type is start
training and the payload is a single exercise.
So no array.
And then last but not least we got one more action.
It's stop training like this.
The type is stopped training and we don't have a payload here because we'll have the act of training
stored in energy are X so there is no need to pass it with the action.
It's already in the store.
Now let's update our actions down there should be called training actions and it's ever a set of whaleboat
trainings or it's set finished trainings or it's start training or it's stopped training.
So all four classes is the actions follows.
We have it now we can go back to the producer an import from that fall or import my training actions
and then I'll also import my set a whaleboat trainings set finished trainings
start training and stop training identifiers.
With that we can work on the switch case statement.
The action is of type training actions here and the action type could be set available trainings.
It could also be set finished
trainings or are quickly copy that
or it is start or stop.
So start training is another possible action.
Stop training is the last one and the default case of course.
Now I don't want to set is authenticated this is wrong.
I'll have to adjust this.
I want to set a whaleboat trainings here in set available trainings so here I'll set a way Elbel exercises
to
action payload actually.
Because remember the payload or do you set a whaleboat tradings action.
This one is an array of exercises.
Just what I need to store in a way that exercises here.
So for finished trainings all set finished exercises to action payload important.
This store here has actually more than one property.
So when we set a whaleboat exercises before doing that I'll actually first of all distribute the old
state properties.
Why.
Because this will pull out.
Finished an act of training and store them in this new object I'm creating and also pull out available
exercises and it will then only overwrite the old available exercises with the new ones.
If I wouldn't do this then my new state after it is action would be an object with just available exercises
and my old finished exercise an act of training would be lost.
This is why we should always update state like this.
Pull out the old properties and then override what you have to change for start training.
I also get my old properties and then I said active training to action payload which in this case is
a single exercise and for stop training.
I'll also get all my old properties and said act of training to null again simply.
Now with that we get all the actions in place and all the action is handled in the reducer here.
I also want to create some helper functions.
The first function is get a way lable trainings all get my state which is of type state and I want to
return State to me which is of type training state
and I want to return state a whaleboat exercises.
Let's maybe name this get a whaleboat exercises to.
You could rename the actions to if you wanted to.
Now I'll copy that and all the Create get finished exercises to get my well finished exercises out of
the state and I'll add.
Get active training here too.
You guessed it get my active training with that I got my reducer finished none the next lecture will
connect connected to our store.
I'll explain how that works for a lazy loaded module and how we can start using it.